Dockerfile fixes (#946)
awslabs/gluon-ts: examples/dockerfiles/README.md

# Instructions for using the Dockerfiles

> To build these dockerfiles go to the Gluon-TS root directory and run:

Reviewer: I think what also works is doing

    docker build ../.. -f <dockerfile>

in the current folder. Maybe we should list both ways.

Author: Added this

```bash 
docker build . -f examples/dockerfiles/<the dockerfile>
```

> To run the built image run:

Reviewer: "run ... run" is a bit confusing.

Author: Removed this

```bash

> docker run <image_id> <shell_params>

Reviewer: Let's maybe leave this out, and just say that these images can be used on SageMaker?

Author: Removed this

```

For more information about the shell and the available params, see the [shell documentation](https://github.com/awslabs/gluon-ts/tree/master/src/gluonts/shell) or run:

```bash
docker run <image_id> --help
```

## How to choose between the dockerfiles

* Dockerfile

>     - This is for running Gluon-TS algorithms on a machine using only the CPU. This image is the most basic one and allows the use of most of the gluonts forecasters.

Reviewer: I think we can abbreviate this by quite a bit, e.g.

```suggestion
    - Gluon-TS models using CPU.
```

Author: Oki

# Instructions for using the Dockerfiles

To build these dockerfiles go to the Gluon-TS root directory and enter this command:

```bash 

> docker build . -f examples/dockerfiles/<the dockerfile>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker build . -f examples/dockerfiles/<dockerfile>
```

```

Or alternatively in the current directory:

```bash
docker build ../.. -f <dockerfile>
```

The built images are compatible with sagemaker.
For more information about the shell and the available params, see the [shell documentation](https://github.com/awslabs/gluon-ts/tree/master/src/gluonts/shell) or run:

> ```bash
> docker run <image_id> --help
> ```

Reviewer: Let's maybe just remove this as well.

```suggestion
```

## How to choose between the dockerfiles

* Dockerfile
    - Gluon-TS models using CPU.
* Dockerfile.gpu
    -  Gluon-TS models on a GPU accelerated machine. 
* Dockerfile.r

>     - This is used when one wants to run the models in the [gluonts.model.r_forecast](https://gluon-ts.mxnet.io/api/gluonts/gluonts.model.r_forecast.html) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This provides dependencies for models defined in [gluonts.model.r_forecast](https://gluon-ts.mxnet.io/api/gluonts/gluonts.model.r_forecast.html).
```
